will i ever settle down i hope so
do i feel sad and lonely yeah
as a cat owner kim formed a gathering of
fellow single women
with animal companions that's a topic
for a video
i would consider myself very successful
in my career choice
i absolutely love my job but i'm not
married
i'm not engaged i'm not even close
i'm a single lady no ring on this finger
so i'm 31 years old i have my phd in
history
getting a phd in history means nothing
i can't speak for universities in japan
or switzerland or whatever but like
in the english-speaking world let me
tell you
getting a phd in history means
absolutely nothing if you google around
for studies on this
pretty much all of them are dealing with
the economic
aspect but really it's every other part
of the story that's more worth
reflecting on
and more worth worrying about you're
going to meet people in this life who
have phds in the history
of india and know nothing about india
people have phds in the history of
cambodia and know nothing about cambodia
and the fundamental problem is that
these are people who have nothing in
common
except that they were willing to spend
100 000
for a library card and the opportunity
to write an essay on any topic
of their choosing that essay was
evaluated by people who had no expertise
in the same area and who were never
working against a checklist
they never had any criteria for what
would be required
to call yourself a phd in history
there's no particular confidence there's
no particular skill there's no
particular knowledge
attached to a phd in history and thus in
more ways than one
not just about money spent and money
earned it is
worthless so i'm 31 years old i have my
phd in history
i'm not quite sure why it hasn't worked
out for me yet
obviously my educational and career
choices have forced me to move around a
little bit in the past few years
but even still i'm fun
i'm charming i'm not completely hideous
i'm keeping my eyes and my mind and my
heart open
and i have tried online dating it's okay
that i'm not married yet
i'm independent i'm intelligent i'm
accomplished
i'm just missing one piece of my puzzle
in korea of the 7.8 million women
in their 30s and 40s 17.176 percent
or 1.38 million are single as a cat
owner
kim formed a gathering of fellow single
women
with animal companions he said that a
lot of guys are afraid of you because
you are wealthier than most of them
and most guys don't want to date you
because they are not comfortable with
your job
i've had some trouble dating guys
because i'm financially successful
i dated a guy for over two years the
main struggle of our relationship
was that i do porn it wasn't until we
broke up that he told me
that sometimes he didn't want to kiss me
moving forward after that i've dealt
with it
again and again dating is hard in
general
for everyone being a sex worker adds to
it so
the stories we tell others on the
internet
are they more or less honest than the
stories we tell ourselves you've just
heard
riley read stating that she blames her
financial success for why men
don't want to date her she's just too
wealthy she's just
too successful and that this somehow
scares
men away here's a contrast her most
recent statement on
instagram sent to me by the way by a fan
and long time viewer of the
channel quote never have i ever had a
boyfriend
who was proud of my job why why do you
think that is
huh quote i've had two normal boyfriends
in my adult life normal being they don't
do porn
both of which ended in ultimatum porn
or them i always chose porn
i've struggled with that choice though
wondering if i've made the right
decision
if it were a male porn star telling you
that women
didn't want to marry him or that his
girlfriend's parents didn't accept him
because he was just too wealthy
he was just too successful if it were a
male porn star
telling you that his girlfriends or
wives had told him
that he had to choose between commitment
to them and continuing to sleep with
other women
while filming porn and he proudly boldly
chose
to continue cheating on his wives and
girlfriends by recording porn
would we would we celebrate that how
would we regard that for that i mean you
know probably just have a down-to-earth
attitude like look bro you
you made your choice you told this woman
that she means
less to you than porn and then
you know you having the option to sleep
with other women
when you're working in that industry you
know you you made your choices and now
you have to
live with the consequences isn't it
isn't it strange how all of this
would seem profoundly different in
various subtle ways if it were a man
instead of a woman i worry that maybe i
lost my chance at love and happiness
knowing i carry the weight of shame
around i find it hard to believe that
someday someone will accept me
and love me for all of me but i can hope
so this is me hoping that one day
someone will be proud to call me theirs
the photographs i've chosen to put on
screen right now are to remind you
that riley reed is a normal looking
person
if i had met her at the grocery store or
at the library or at the gym
i wouldn't even remember meeting her she
wouldn't stand out as an extraordinarily
good looking person
you can see her here with her makeup and
without
and you know even if she were an
extraordinarily beautiful person
i think there'd be something very
strange to reflect on here
in terms of the expectations that she
places on
others and implicitly the expectations
she expects others to place on herself
i'm not quite sure why it hasn't worked
out for me yet
um last things first you get to choose
what kind of person you're gonna be you
don't get to decide
who loves you for it you also don't get
to decide
who hates you for it you can choose to
live
a meaningful life and a morally
exemplary life
and you can decide that on that basis
you deserve you merit the love
and respect of a good person but guess
what
[Laughter]
all you get to choose all you get to
control
is what kind of person you are gonna be
you get to choose the rules
that you play the game by but you don't
get to choose anyone else's rules
how would riley read feel if she were to
fall in love with
a male prostitute and let's try to keep
this
rigorously symmetrical how would she
feel
if her boyfriend and let's say it's a
man she wants to marry
if her boyfriend were notorious for
performing the same sex acts
on the internet that she is notorious
for if she was introducing this man
to her own parents and she knows
that her own parents have seen this guy
performing the same sex as the internet
that she herself has performed that she
has made
her career would she really be in a
position to complain
that her parents or anyone else's
parents were being
unreasonable and prejudicial and how
they respond to this man
this potential suitor for their
daughters and in marriage
can she really not see how others judge
her
even if or especially if this is the
first thing this is the only
thing that they know about her that when
she goes
out to dinner at a restaurant this is
what people know her for
this is what people recognize her for
and she has to live with that
and if she falls in love with a man with
the same reputation
for performing the same sex acts she
will have to live with that
too such a sex act
it doesn't just occupy one hour of the
day
all 24 hours of the day with time
come to revolve around your chosen
profession
your chosen career a man who had devoted
himself to the path of being a male
prostitute
would no doubt be a man who cares a
great deal about his physical appearance
a man who engages in a great deal of
preening
that might not be the kind of man she
wants to live with
those might not be the priorities in
life she's comfortable
committing to and indeed i think if we
were to ask riley about this
face-to-face person to person she would
probably say
something appropriately woke something
suitably politically correct for the
year 2020
she'd probably say if you want to be a
male prostitute
good for you you do you all power to you
however that's just not what i
personally
happen to be looking for in a husband or
in a boyfriend just
it just happens that that's not
compatible with the set of moral
and intellectual qualities that she's
looking for in a man
and she should be able to accept by the
same token that there will be men who
judge her in much the same way now
it used to be that you could search
around within youtube
and find quite a few interesting
reflections
from women about the incel
subculture i was just searching through
youtube and all those videos have
disappeared
the evolving censorship within youtube
has made him
inaccessible or impossible to find
whereas i don't know about four years
ago i remember you could find a lot of
really
interesting material on that topic which
i wanted to include
uh clips of here and i mean the
underlying tragedy
really is you don't get to choose who
falls in love with you
i mean you you don't there are all these
women who were coming forward and making
youtube videos a few years ago
saying that they had all these
advantages in life but nevertheless
their love lives were unrewarding bereft
never took them where they wanted to go
they never had
the outcomes in life that they felt they
deserved you can do everything
imaginable
to make yourself lovable but it isn't
in your power to choose to be loved
i wish i could sit here and tell you
that the most important thing
is to lead a meaningful life and that if
you focus on
leading a meaningful life this will lead
to you making connections with others
who are by their own criteria with their
own priorities
also engaged in the work of leading a
meaningful life
but of course life's full of tragedies
it's arbitrary
and unfair and random i met so many
people
back when i was doing scholarship on
ancient buddhism i met so many people
who devoted themselves to various
provinces of research
and humanitarian work directly or
indirectly connected to buddhism so some
of these people who done humanitarian
work in cambodia
some in sri lanka some with refugees
from those countries who had settled in
california whatever
um i met people who were by
their own criteria living rich rewarding
meaningful lives even if some of those
criteria were derived from the religion
of buddhism a religion that i'm
not a member of and then i'm a bit of a
critic of by the way um
but whether or not those people ever
made
even one friend on this earth
let alone if they had the opportunity
to meet someone of the opposite gender
and the right age
group and where there's some chemistry
and mutual attraction to settle down
the odds are stacked against you it's
incredibly improbable that you will ever
ever meet someone who appreciates your
notion
of what it is to lead a meaningful life
whether that is
getting a phd in history or devoting
yourself to the
fine art of pornographic filmmaking it's
hard
it's improbable it's unlikely and that's
why the vast majority of people
simply sell out they'll settle for
anyone
who is the right gender the right age
group and who has that basis of
physical attraction mutual chemistry
whatever you want to say
even if they have none of those other
things in common and that
as we all know is a formula for a bad
marriage
and for perpetual misery people
reach out for happiness and in doing so
they reach too far and make themselves
miserable
for years for decades at a time
you don't get to choose who loves you
you get to choose
what kind of person you're going to be
what kind of person you're going to
become
and then you find out the hard way who's
with you and who's against you
you don't get to choose your friends you
certainly
don't get to choose your enemies i mean
really
people like to disrespect my crew but
the fact is that you know my name and i
don't know you